net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/NavigatorHelper.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.NavigatorHelper
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.NavigatorHelper$OnNavigatorScrollListener
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/circlenavigator/CircleNavigator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.circlenavigator.CircleNavigator
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.circlenavigator.CircleNavigator$OnCircleClickListener
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/titles/CommonPagerTitleView.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.CommonPagerTitleView
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.CommonPagerTitleView$ContentPositionDataProvider
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.CommonPagerTitleView$OnPagerTitleChangeListener
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/titles/badge/BadgeAnchor.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.badge.BadgeAnchor
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/UIUtil.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.UIUtil
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/BuildConfig.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.BuildConfig
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/abs/CommonNavigatorAdapter.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.abs.CommonNavigatorAdapter
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/abs/IPagerIndicator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.abs.IPagerIndicator
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/titles/SimplePagerTitleView.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.SimplePagerTitleView
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/indicators/WrapPagerIndicator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.indicators.WrapPagerIndicator
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/indicators/TriangularPagerIndicator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.indicators.TriangularPagerIndicator
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/titles/DummyPagerTitleView.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.DummyPagerTitleView
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/model/PositionData.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.model.PositionData
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/MagicIndicator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.MagicIndicator
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/FragmentContainerHelper.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.FragmentContainerHelper
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.FragmentContainerHelper$1
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.FragmentContainerHelper$2
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/titles/ColorTransitionPagerTitleView.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.ColorTransitionPagerTitleView
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/titles/badge/BadgePagerTitleView.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.badge.BadgePagerTitleView
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/ArgbEvaluatorHolder.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.ArgbEvaluatorHolder
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/abs/IPagerNavigator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.abs.IPagerNavigator
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/titles/badge/BadgeRule.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.badge.BadgeRule
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/ViewPagerHelper.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.ViewPagerHelper
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.ViewPagerHelper$1
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/indicators/TestPagerIndicator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.indicators.TestPagerIndicator
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/titles/ClipPagerTitleView.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.titles.ClipPagerTitleView
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/abs/IMeasurablePagerTitleView.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.abs.IMeasurablePagerTitleView
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/abs/IPagerTitleView.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.abs.IPagerTitleView
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/indicators/LinePagerIndicator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.indicators.LinePagerIndicator
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/ScrollState.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.ScrollState
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/indicators/BezierPagerIndicator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.indicators.BezierPagerIndicator
net/lucode/hackware/magicindicator/buildins/commonnavigator/CommonNavigator.java
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.CommonNavigator
 net.lucode.hackware.magicindicator.buildins.commonnavigator.CommonNavigator$1
